what has happened here honourable the Senate , last Tuesday ?
a selection committee was achievement .
yesterday I attended a meeting with one of the committee .
i am surprised that the committee to rise and do not know what is really independent of the Senate .
i am not so that concern for the time .
the selection committee can show some form .
over the next two years of the work that undertaking a senator .
as a committee , it is important to sit in principle to determine what some senators , this new Senate committee .
i am therefore was introduced in the last sitting of the Senate committee to realize that one of the nine to attend .
that was sent a replacement .
this honourable name , not individual senators .
i am now , you can see that it does not nice ?
research will have to find that was the fault of their own senator .
one must accept the and a job when they do .
the women who have proven sitting in the Senate .
they have remplissaient much more that the majority of human beings and in the Senate .
i remember that in February the sessions held by the committee to the veterans of 1998 .
the House or Ni sitting in the Senate is the time .
they sat in the Senate committee for all three of the proceedings of women .
the leadership of the Senate committee that were not able to get a person .
i could cite the words , the senator Carstairs took note to answer the question I asked him .
what were the criteria are as follows : " I Quels ? "
she said that it was the first to address the representative of women in a report .
in 1993 when it was struck by the parliamentary associations .
at the time of men were only formées shall delegations .
in this regard , I have been replaced by Senator Finestone on for a number of years .
however , I look forward to enter the my association has preferred .
if I do not know how much honourable the Senate and House of Commons or about these two reports will be .
the verdict is that each on television senators .
on a particular wondered journalists or any group of students .
if we do that ?
it is true , I understand it .
however , it should be translated in effect .
i do not believe that the alternative .
when a senator in a position to accept or any part of a committee meetings , it should carry .
the words in which we are not the corridors of hon. members :
do you today and in committee , he Présentez two years of education and in committee , there is a final question '' .
they do not know what is viewed as they came to power , they stand to them when they stand .
they just do not know what happened .
the words " and " is the Senate '' , " continuité honourable way of our commitment today .
over the next two weeks of how we will look at the beginning to address the independent senators .
i do not do that , if we are concerned about the parliamentary committee on my own créerai world affairs .
we try to no one can .
the Speaker : the Honour
if you do not speak , like other hon. Senator motion , is it the pleasure of the Senate and honourable it ?
some hon. members :
well .
( motions deemed adopted , the report , agreed to )
