this honourable Senate , last Tuesday , what happened ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
first I sat in the last meeting of the committee . 
the Senate committee and I know what to do with which is expected the independent rise too . 
i am not so that concern for the time . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
over the next two years in the work that undertaking a senator . 
it is important to determine what committee , as some senators of committees sitting , supposedly new those senators . 
i am therefore was introduced in the Senate committee that one of the last sitting of the nine to realize that indeed . 
it was sent a replacement . 
i do not name , one honourable senators . 
i am therefore that you can see , did he not nice ? 
research in their own will have to find that was the fault senators . 
when one , it must accept the do a job . 
the women who have proven sitting on the Senate . 
they have much more that the majority of the men their remplissaient in the Senate . 
the committee held that to the people of veterans in February of meetings I recall 1998 . 
the House of Commons or is it then sitting in the Senate Ni . 
they sat in the proceedings of the committee , all three senators of women . 
it has to the leadership of the Senate committee could find a man . 
i could cite , so that the question I asked him answer the senator Carstairs took word by word . 
were the criteria are as follows : " I asked Quels ? " 
she said that it was the first report of the to address the women in a representation . 
it was written on the parliamentary associations that in 1993 . 
at the time of men . The were only formées delegations 
in this regard , I have been replaced by Senator on Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I will look forward to enter the preferred my association . 
i do not know how , when the House will be no Senate honourable about these two reports decision . 
the verdict is that each on television senators . 
in other or by a group of students or wondered journalists . 
if we do that ? 
it is true , I believe it . 
however , it should be translated in fact . 
i do not believe in the alternative . 
if any meetings in a position to a committee , he or she set a senator accept should participate . 
we must not be said in the members of the corridors : 
today , " and " there is a question to the committee to study the final you Présentez after two years in committee . 
they came to power , but what they are viewed as they do not even know their breakfast stand to them . 
no they do not know what happened . 
is the way our commitment in the words " '' , " and " honourable continuité senators speech . 
in the Senate , to look at the way we will start into the next two weeks independent . 
if we are not the committee , I do my own who are concerned about the Parliament of world affairs créerai . 
we try to no one can . 
the Honour the Speaker : 
if you will , is it the pleasure to speak , like any other hon. Senator honourable Senate and adopt the motion ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
